[Music]
wow you're zipping through space in a
large ship
as big as three new york city central
parks there's a lot of commotion going
on
no it's not some alien invading the
spaceship it's a very important day
the date is january 22nd 2700
you've just been born outside of the
earth's atmosphere
happy birthday there's a medical team
attending to everything
futuristic gadgets help out with every
aspect
and the view from the giant spherical
glass ship is
nothing but the incredible vastness of
space
you can't even see earth anymore the
spaceship is flying to a new destination
millions of miles away eta on reaching
that new host planet
decades fast forward a bit you're 25
years old
and this spaceship's the only home
you've ever known
so far you've learned all the ins and
outs of the ship
you start your day in your door which
has all the essentials
a small compact bathroom a mini kitchen
a bunk bed
and a magnificent view of the stars and
planet
outside the ship's reinforced glass and
you never need to worry about space
radiation
the ship has an everlasting magnetic
shield that reflects space radiation
so it doesn't seep its way onto the ship
otherwise there'd be
big problems the ship was designed to
have artificial gravity
astronauts normally lose one to two
percent of their bone density
every month are up in space since
they're just floating around
all the time but now i mean in the
future in deep space travel
they're able to solve this problem you
make your way out of your dorm
and see a wave of fellow crew members
making their way to work
they're all gliding through on their
advanced mini hoverboards
and everyone's wearing different colors
a space age uniform
yours is blue so you hop on your board
and join the blue wave
you get to the underpass of the space
transport and begin your work
as an engineer on board your job is
super important
maintaining the ship and keeping it
running but something's wrong
numbers are flashing all over the panels
and the dreaded red light won't stop
blinking
you alert your co-workers but they don't
know what's happening either
quick you keep checking the logs and all
the complicated equations
but nothing adds up panic starts to
spread throughout the ship
the hair on your arms is standing on end
you try to click on as many buttons and
switches as you can
the buzzing keeps getting louder and
louder the light is flashing brighter
some of your colleagues make a break for
it and you're all alone
in the red room suddenly finally your
supervisor rushes down to help
after a while the two of you figure it
out
that was close you still have a lot to
learn about managing the ship
since your early years you were assigned
to work as an engineer
you were great at physics chemistry math
all those sciencey things
it's just another day in the office but
on this ship
you may make captain one day after work
you get a call from your friends wanting
to hang out and when i say call
i mean a phoneless device that lets you
communicate with anyone
while seeing all their info through a
hologram projection that only you can
see
you can also use it to listen to old
tunes from earth
pop music has now become classical music
and movies are now 3d projections of
your own imagination
you make your way out of the underpass
and go up to the space plaza
that's where everyone hangs out when
they have time off
some cafes restaurants a barber shop
even an ice cream parlor you've never
hung out anywhere else
the space transport is essentially a
small city which has
all the important things society needs
that includes a biosphere
full of animals and plants from
different climates on earth
many tropical forests many deserts many
rainforests you name it
the biologists on board make sure to
keep it all healthy
so you feel like you're at home not that
you've ever set foot on earth
you enter the wild savannah and see some
gazelles galloping around
a few wildebeests seem to be rummaging
around and a small pack of
lions are on the prowl in the jungle you
feel the humidity and the thick leaves
and bushes all around
some mountain gorillas are playing and
there are little tree frogs here and
there
and lurking in the trees making its way
down for a sip of water
is a jaguar over in the dry desert
you see some roaming camels a little
rattlesnake
slithering its way out of the heat and
some little scorpions crawling around in
the sand you learned a whole lot of
biology these last 25 years
you know all about earth but you've
never been there
weird after the tour of nature's
habitats
you hear an announcement on the pa it's
the captain
the new planet is hours away earlier
than anticipated
everyone assumed positions for landing
everyone on the ship rushes to the
dormitories except the key crew members
needed to run the ship
you strap into your bunk bed that turn
you into a seat with
fancy interstellar seat belts you look
out your window
and see a blue dot in the distance it
gets bigger
and bigger and it looks a whole lot like
earth from far away at least
that didn't take all that long only 25
years
wonder what's going under the hood of
that spaceship
you look back at your life in space
knowing this first part of it is coming
to an end
it's kind of like living at the south
pole at the bottom of the world lives a
small community of scientists
who work between winter and summer doing
all kinds of research
from climate and geology to meteorology
and astronomy
their lives must be similar to living
here in outer space
they have their own bunkers scientific
labs and even
recreational rooms for sports and music
the nature on the planet you're
approaching
is unlike anything on earth tropical
trees soaring higher than the highest
skyscrapers
oceans that are so wild there are
hurricanes that last for years
just roaming about the pilot announces
the landing
it's all good time to get to work you
unstrap yourself
and head outside to see the new planet
for yourself walking on land feels like
well like arriving on a new planet the
humidity is thick
and the wind is warm the ship landed on
the tropical side of the planet
where studies show is the best place to
begin a brand new settlement
it's not going to be easy humans usually
begin new settlements next to lakes and
rivers
think of the mesopotamians the ancient
egyptians the aztecs
the list is endless they began as small
settlements
until they grew to be fully functioning
mega civilizations
by trading and exploring they were able
to advance their technology
learn new languages and discover awesome
cooking recipes
hey i could go for some pasta and sushi
right about now
according to scientists being born in
space could alter the way humans look
human heads could be bigger within
thousands of generations
who knows there's no way to simulate it
on earth
we can even have different new skin
colors since we would need more melanin
that pigment stuff that protects us from
sun radiation
being closer to the sun or any hot
burning mass of fire
might mean we'd produce more or
different kinds of melanin to protect us
we might turn dark brown purple gray or
even green
we'd have to wait a couple of million
years to find out and with no gravity
humans would have to get used to having
a lower bone density
kind of like birds have that means we'd
probably be weaker than our old earth
human cells
and have some slightly odd physical
things going on
gravity is essential for our balance and
mobility is one of the key factors for
human survival
so without gravity we'd most likely have
exoskeleton suits for walking and
running
or taking out the trash now nothing like
this is going to happen for a very long
time
they're still brainstorming how to bring
someone into this world
or out of this world technically
speaking outer space is considered to be
62 miles above sea level from any
continent on the world
beyond that endless possibilities